Title: Starting to blog
Date: 2019-03-25 20:29
Category: Blog

Hey guys,

This is my post to my personal page and blog.

My name is Leonardo Rodrigues, I am a Computer Science undergraduate for Unicamp since 2015 and play a lot of World of Warcraft on my free time.
I live in Campinas, Brazil, and I am natural from the State of Ceará (therefore my nickname in uni circuit is Ceará).

My gamer nickname varies per game, but I have 3 main groups of people that call me:

Sky - people that I met on Grand Chase

Hidden - brazilian folks that I played WoW with

Papo - american/english-speaking peeps that I currently play with.

The blog name is a play with my name and the word Papo, that in Portuguese means chat. In portuguese, the name can be heard as 'Leo chats' (Leo bate papo). Also it's a joke because I couldn't use my original nickname Leo with my american friends because happened to have a Leo before me in the group (and she's a great hunter and shitposter).

The motivation to start this blog is that I want to register my Google Summer of Code experience, even though I am not yet accepted :P

But I am also learning stuff in Python and I think, like, A LOT (you can see that on my twitter).
May this also be an experience so I can share stuff that I like to do, and if possible interactions.

For anyone interested, I am using Pelican for Python 3 to generate this blog, and using Github Pages to host it.

That's it for all. My next post should be I writing about mu proposal draft experience.

Hugs,

Leonardo Rodrigues.